README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Book Store App

> A Fruit Information System that picks fruits from a Remote API, allowing Users to get to know various information regarding different fruits.

![Home Page](./public/assets/home.png)
![Information Page](./public/assets/info.png)

- A User can click on a particular fruit to see more information regarding the fruit.

## Built With

- JSX, CSS
- React, Redux

## Live Demo

- [Netlify](https://fruitify-react-redux.netlify.app/)

# Set Up
## Clone This Repository
```
$ git clone https://github.com/emmyobonyo/Fruit-Information-System.git
$ cd Fruit-Information-System
```

## Run Project
```
$ npm install
$ git checkout development
$ npm start
```

👤 **Emmanuel Obonyo**

- GitHub: [@emmyobonyo](https://github.com/emmyobonyo)
- Twitter: [@emmyobonyo](https://twitter.com/emmyobonyo)
- LinkedIn: [Emmanuel Obonyo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/emmanuel-obonyo-3728a2200/)
## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/emmyobonyo/Fruit-Information-System/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

Commit message:

Credit Design author in ReadMe

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Book Store App

> A Fruit Information System that picks fruits from a Remote API, allowing Users to get to know various information regarding different fruits.

![Home Page](./public/assets/home.png)
![Information Page](./public/assets/info.png)

- A User can click on a particular fruit to see more information regarding the fruit.

## Built With

- JSX, CSS
- React, Redux

## Live Demo

- [Netlify](https://fruitify-react-redux.netlify.app/)

# Set Up
## Clone This Repository
```
$ git clone https://github.com/emmyobonyo/Fruit-Information-System.git
$ cd Fruit-Information-System
```

## Run Project
```
$ npm install
$ git checkout development
$ npm start
```

👤 **Emmanuel Obonyo**

- GitHub: [@emmyobonyo](https://github.com/emmyobonyo)
- Twitter: [@emmyobonyo](https://twitter.com/emmyobonyo)
- LinkedIn: [Emmanuel Obonyo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/emmanuel-obonyo-3728a2200/)
## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/emmyobonyo/Fruit-Information-System/issues).

## Appreciation

Grateful to [Nelson Sakwa](https://www.behance.net/gallery/31579789/Ballhead-App-(Free-PSDs)) for the design inspiration.

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!
